https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data
Coronavirus (Covid-19) Data in the United States
NEW: The data in the us.csv now includes both confirmed and probable Covid-19 cases and deaths. Because of changes in how states and local health departments
are reporting their data, it is no longer possible to report a comprehensive “confirmed-only” dataset. 
Please see our note for a full explanation of the differences and how probable cases are defined.


CDC:
The Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)-Associated Hospitalization Surveillance Network (COVID-NET) conducts population-based surveillance for 
laboratory-confirmed COVID-19-associated hospitalizations in children (persons younger than 18 years) and adults. 
The current network covers nearly 100 counties in the 10 Emerging Infections Program (EIP) states (CA, CO, CT, GA, MD, MN, NM, NY, OR, and TN) 
and four additional states through the Influenza Hospitalization Surveillance Project (IA, MI, OH, and UT). The network represents approximately 10% of 
US population (~32 million people).

Cases are identified by reviewing hospital, laboratory, and admission databases and infection control logs for patients hospitalized with a documented 
positive SARS-CoV-2 test.Data gathered are used to estimate age-specific hospitalization rates on a weekly basis and describe characteristics of persons 
hospitalized with COVID-19. Laboratory confirmation is dependent on clinician-ordered SARS-CoV-2 testing. Therefore, the rates provided are likely to 
be underestimated as COVID-19-associated hospitalizations can be missed due to test availability and provider or facility testing practices.

COVID-NET hospitalization data are preliminary and subject to change as more data become available. In particular, case counts and rates for recent hospital
admissions are subject to lag. As data are received each week, prior case counts and rates are updated accordingly.Please use the following citation when 
referencing these data: COVID-NET: COVID-19-Associated Hospitalization Surveillance Network, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention WEBSITE. 
Accessed on 05/09/2020"
